yeah what's going on guys free to raise
here bringing you back another rainy ass
livecam we're playing some standoff
playing against two of the biggest snipe
fanboys of all time but like you can see
here I'm playing 66 which I usually
don't do I don't like 66 but I decided
to just switch it up you know it never
uploaded a standoff Matt never played
standoff so Seidel a screw it play some
standup those kids are raging
one shot that do tonight okay 40 cuz get
for use best that's me in the game these
kids are getting Randy right now so it
looks to me like we're gonna cap see
flag is get a free capture kill there's
a capture killed there's the vsat 70
probably get Randy because I don't know
where spammed or anything of that nature
is required to get a nuclear I want to
get that freaking EMP
there's that
so I'm guessing there's probably about
18 bouncing Betties over here Oh blank
flanks like bad bad bad don't ask me
please
his teammates are giving emoji call out
of it I'd be careful who I kill as a dud
c4 what's a game without a dud c4
that I don't want to get rain Deeks in
my 14 gun street but I know I'm about to
I sniper there he is it is pissed what
would be too if I he's got spawn killed
by me like four times where's the V set
where's that I think they just switched
with I think I just guess I never i'm
such a good that Flags already cap and
you almost killed me somehow agent gun
street
it's gonna get out of there cuz I dude
as the advantage that's not a good spot
bro sorry to say but that is definitely
not Iguchi come on yep clutch d for
diamond you guys know I am a freaking
champion at their own c4's oh god there
is almost my demise of my 24 gunstreak
on the map I've never played before um
only a few more kills and where the hell
are they
I might have a little too many
cat 40 kills right now I really got like
a million of them well with others about
some Betty or some creep
whoa you see that holy crap that dude
was close the dude was so close till
freaking knifing me you freaking see
that old crap man dude was like
literally all right so there's a new
killer luckily i didn't get freaking
bamboozled by that one guy holy crap
that was so close I'm never gonna get
over how close I was the dying right